identify from the smallest details by
those who knew them these bodies will no
longer be
nameless since Eid I've been monitoring
the process of exhuming bodies from this
Mass grave I came and found my mother's
body which identified by distinctive
marks on her
feet Health officials discovered this
Mass grave in the courtyard of a shifa
hospital in Gaza
City it's one of several found in the
grounds of gaza's largest hospital in
the last few days the doctors who say
they witnessed the killings knew exactly
where to
look we've been coming for the past 10
days to retrieve bodies today we found
the largest number 15 of patients who
suffered
injuries Israeli forces conducted a twoe
ra on Gaza biggest hospital that ended
on April 1st it was severely damaged and
is no longer functioning the Israeli
Army says it battled with Palestinian
Fighters inside but many patients were
also clearly among the victims nearly
400 bodies have been recovered
since today we came here to retrieve the
bodies of the victims who were buried in
this Mass grave while the occupying
forces were inside the alifa medical
complex my mother's among the victims
who were buried here by the Israeli
occupation
forces further north in B lahia the
corbus of 20 Palestinians have been also
Unearthed local people say Israeli
forces executed them 4 months ago in the
north of the strep these bodies will now
receive a proper burial while Israeli
troops plan more attacks in the South
and Mahmud Al jaaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer